Source Video: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyLFksiUFxc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyLFksiUFxc)

---

# Trendos AI Search Visibility Tool | ChatGPT Ads Explained

Hey guys. So, here is an introduction into Trend Ours. Now, there is hot news that's just came out where Chat GPT now has ads and you can monitor those ads that your competition are using and seeing how those go using the ad radar on Trend Ours. But, first and foremost, what is Trend Ours? Now, you can check how your brand or your competition's brand appears in the AI answers and there is a whole bunch of histories on there, 2.3 million to be exact, 30 plus industries. Now, I'm going to jump into it and show you exactly how all of that works. So, here is the Trend Ours dashboard. Now, I have got a few different brands in here, Hostinger, um monday.com and obviously my own brand, but I'm going to use Hostinger as the initial one to start out. Now, one of the first things that we can have a look at in in the dashboard is the ad radar. Now, ad radar is Chat GPT ads and you can look at the different prompt groups, the prompts and everything else that you've got for different brands to see what the hell is going on. Now, you you'll be able to see the impressions and everything else that your competition have got and of course Wix are one of the first ones out the traps and doing Chat GPT ads in the way posting space and you're able to go down, you can see the dates, the impression share and everything else down here and you can look at the ads and you can see the content that's on the ads, want a cheap website builder and so on and so forth. So, you can actually look at the ads from your competition as well. So, you can use that, set up your own ads, and crack on, and you'll be able to see a lot more data as that rolls out. But, overall, it is only available for ChatGPT at the moment, but there is other models out there who may or may not follow suit. But, going back to Trends, the dashboard looks like this, and we can look at the brand insights. So, I've obviously put Hostinger in here just as they're a hosting company, and we can look at the prompt group here that we have, and the visibility score, how many mentions are out there, the top sources for these prompts, and so on and so forth. So, we can have a look at the brand insights, and we're going to have a look at the overview. Now, we can see that Hostinger have 220 mentions, SiteGround have 165, and so on and so forth. Now, you can change the prompt groups to go after different terms, whether it be VPS hosting, email hosting, and so on and so forth. So, you can the mentions in the data is, of course, going to change, and potentially who has been mentioned is going to change as well based on that information. So, you can mess around with your prompt groups, and you can go around with very specific prompts as well. So, and obviously country-specific, you can change all of that, and you will get different levels of data. And of course, like I say, you'll be able to see there's different people a pop up there, like Zoho Mail appear higher up for Hostinger on that specific prompt. So, you've got work to do, and you can go and implement that stuff, no problem at all. So, I'm going to go back to web hosting here, and all of the prompts just for these purposes, but you can also scroll down and you can see the visibility score um there. Uh Hostinger's get 63%, SiteGround have only get 53% and the share of voice, we can have a look at that as well. Nice graph there. And of course, we can go down and look at the latest share of voice, highest share of voice, lowest share of voice, average share of voice. And you can go and have a look at all of the people that are out there. Um so, even going down into showing more uh pages, we can go down and see some of the lower end hosting companies as well. So, that is the kind of brand insights. Now, going on to brand mentions, we can look at the brand mentions that are out there. We can see that there's 159 of Hostinger. So, that's hugely important. We can see the positions of those as well. And we can also see the share of voice by brand. Um like I showed you before, you can also look at the Trend Os visibility score. So, you're getting scored um over a period of time and that will change uh based on your competition and whether AI looks at different sources or whatever that may be. And you can also look at the sentiment of the AI answers that they're saying about your brand. Now, for most of these hosting companies, you'll see it is pretty much on the positive side of things, but potentially further down the line, AI search may be saying negative things about your brand and you're going to have to look into that and ensure that you address that. So, you can see the kind of sentiment score, positive mentions, neutral mentions, negative mentions, and the total amount of mentions that are on there as well. So, that is something that's really important to keep on top of if you're looking after your brand. And of course, you want to have a look at the trend or score as well and make sure that you are scoring as high as you possibly can. And that is basic math there. It's looking at your brand performance in the AI answers over a period of time and it's basing the score on your ranking position, mention frequency, and of course, the sentiment that's out there. So, you can do that and monitor your best score, your worst score, your average score, and make sure again you are doing better than the competition. So again, you you've got different prompt groups here and stuff like that that you can change all this data out with. But visibility score by prompt is how often the AI generated responses include your brand for each prompt. And again, you can see the share of voice. You can see the possessions. And of course, you can see the sentiment of those prompts as well. Visibility, share of voice is all very similar to what you've seen earlier. And the possessions and of course, the sentiment of those prompts as well. But really, what is quite important is the citations. So, AI has to look at citations of your brand or your prompts or whatever's mentioned about your brand out there. And you you're able to see the kind of top cited domain names. So, we can see Reddit is up there, TechRadar, and so on and so forth. Well, now we can open up that to to get a lot more information. And you can see there's pages and pages and pages of the different citations that are out there. However, if I click on TechCrunch for example, I can see the pages of where it's picking up that information. And you can obviously see here TechCrunch best managed VPS and go to it. Best managed VPS hosting. And you'll be able to see the mentions of those different brands up there. And try and get yourself mentioned on there so you can actually see the sources where you need to be mentioned on. And it gives you the links and you can see exactly how that is structured and how that is laid out. And you can do the same for any of these citations overviews there. You can see citations by domain. And of course, if you just want to see the kind of citation share. And of course, you can see the top sources over time and the positions of those sources. The latest position, the best position, the worst position they've been in as well. Cuz you've obviously got a choice to make. Should I go after Ahrefs Maven? Or is that just up there temporarily? So you've got to pick and choose. So that is a a great feature on there in terms of citations. The AI model insights. Let me close the citations down. So the AI model insights, you've got an overview where you've got the Trend score again. And and you know, ChatGPT, GAI or Perplexity Gemini. So you can see the mentions by the specific models as well. You can scroll down and see that there's 53 mentions in ChatGPT and only 27 in Perplexity. So Perplexity would be the least one that we would be focusing on. I'm not saying you don't focus on it, but it's the one that brings in the least uh amount of mentions there. So, do we want to spend too much time on it? Maybe it's going to grow. We never know. Um visibility score again you can see uh the the different visibility scores, visibility by model, and average visibility score as well. Share of voice, again, we can see the different LLMs that are on there. And obviously, I'm only using the last 7 days. You can obviously go back to the last 6 months. Is that data going to be different? Absolutely. Sentiment, again, you can you know, use different prompt groups. You can use the date range, different prompts, and and and and different countries. You can rummage your way through that to get to the information that you need, but overall, a great uh analysis um to be had there. And of course, the Trend or score um is obviously scoring ChatGPT um the the the highest there over the last 6 months. So, you can see all of that information there. Now, of course, there's tools at the bottom, so you can enter different prompts in here. Uh you can target different countries and monitor all of that stuff. So, you can you know, create different prompts and different prompts uh you know, you can generate prompts using the AI, or you can add a custom prompt, and you can enter you know, add a prompt group. So, if I wanted to do email emails, emails, I'll just call that emails there. Um and I could go in there and put a whole bunch of uh email prompts in there. Language, country, model, and set up custom prompts there to monitor as well. So, you can do that all by just simply adding the prompt. And of course, user management, you can invite different users to utilize the information on your behalf. And like I say, you can monitor different brands if you wanted to. So, you can add another managed brand. You can do up to 10 with that specific package um that I'm on there. So, you can go after other brands if you're doing this for a multitude of clients. And of course, going back to the trendalytics.com website, you can book a demo with one of the team. And of course, fully understand what AI is saying about you. Uh the sentiment, the visibility trends, the key sources of information, and benchmarking yourself against the competition. And of course, you can see there is a free package, and there is a starter package and a pro package on there as well. And if you do want to get a custom package and you want unlimited countries, unlimited brands, then you can contact the sales team uh trendalytics, and you can see this is overall an amazing tool which gives you amazing information. And again, it's an AI sales visibility tool. But, the Ad Radar is now live, and it can monitor ChatGPT ads at present under that new feature there. And you can see what is going on with the different prompt groups or the different brands you're working with, and the different countries that they may be operating in. So, that's is something that you do want to be deep diving into. And like I say, an amazing tool to get your hands on. So, if you want to check out trendalytics, use the link below, and get involved, and make sure that you're taking up some of the landscape there to get some traffic and the share of voice that you can get out there from those LLMs.

